This is just going to be a quick lecture, there's something I wanted to mention, and that is functions
in JavaScript are available.
And what that means is that we can deal with them.
And it sounds strange, but we can deal with them as a venue.
In all, I mean by that is you can throw functions around, you can force them into other functions,
you can assign them to variables.
And this makes functions in JavaScript also an unmatched because other languages aren't as flexible.
You can't do this with functions.
Let me show you what I mean.
I'll just give you an example of us assigning a function, each a variable.
Well, we can define any function.
We want solicitous work with a function declaration, which is very easy and intuitive to do this.
An excuse function look.
And this is just going to console.log Wolf.
Nothing new there.
But now we can treat this function as a value and assign it.
To another variable, how awesome is this, so we can literally go let.
Sausage dog, equal dog.
And now at this point in time, Sausage Dog has been assigned the value of that function.
So to execute this, to invoke our function.
We use the normal parentheses.
So let's exercise our sausage dog.
And execute it.
There you go to console logs, Wolf.
And of course, we've got the sausage dog, but we also have our dog function, which we can execute
and that also executes wolf to the console.
And there you have it.
I just wanted to show you this before we move on because I know this might seem simple, but it has
profound impacts on you and I as developers, because JavaScript is awesome like this.
It allows us so much flexibility to work with functions and throw them around and put them into variables.
It really is great.
So before we went on to more complicated things, I just wanted to share this with you.